docs(resource-groups): document role-based resource group creation setting (#2373)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/security-resource-groups.md

Reviewer: nit but inconsistent title casing for "resource groups" across the section

To switch a Resource Group from auto-join to SCIM-managed (or vice versa), disable the current setting first.

## Who can create resource groups

By default, only organization admins can create new resource groups. Org admins can change this by setting the **minimum member role required to create resource groups** on the resource groups settings page.

The available options are:
- **Admins only** (default) — only org admins can create resource groups.
- **Write** — members with Write or Admin role can create resource groups.
- **Contributor** — members with Contributor, Write, or Admin role can create resource groups.
- **All members** — any org member can create resource groups.

> When a non-admin member creates a resource group, they are automatically added as an **admin** of that newly created group. When creating a resource group via the API, non-admin creators must include at least one admin in the group's initial user list.

Reviewer 2: > When creating a resource group via the API, non-admin creators must include at least one admin in the group's initial user list.

only via the API?

Reviewer: it seems so

```suggestion
When a non-admin member creates a Resource Group through the UI, they are automatically added as an **admin** of that newly created group. Through the API, this does not happen automatically, since API callers may be creating groups on behalf of others. Non-admin API callers must include at least one user with the admin role in the group's initial member list.
```

Author: yes added this

Reviewer 2: ok clearer this way, thanks
